hi there this particular drill here is
called my 12 inch dribble drill pro
basketball ball handling 12 inch dribble
drill okay and what this does is it
teaches you a phenomenal crossover in
between multiple players for example I
will come up to the garbage can with a
dribble cross and then immediately cross
between the garbage cans for the lathe I
will move the garbage cans closer I
think right six inches I will bring them
in to 12 inches down to about 8 or 6
inches crossing between the bass the
garbage cans okay here we go and always
go slow first so you get the idea
dribble
cross cross dribble dribble dribble
layup okay obviously you want to make
your layups okay there's no excuses for
missing layups no matter what level
you're on okay here you go
slow again dribble dribble dribble crew
and up okay here we go
one now we will bring it in closer it's
very interesting oh gotta finish got to
finish the basket no excuses to miss a
layup get your mind right okay
here is six inches now we'll go to the
other side